Update pipelines dashboard overview for build filtering and expanding builds (#2501)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/dashboard_walkthrough.md

<%= image "frequency.png", width: 2028/2, height: 880/2, alt: "Screenshot of the builds per week metric" %>

## Bookmarking pipelines

> You can keep your most used pipelines at the top of the page by hovering over a pipeline and clicking the bookmark icon on the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can keep your most used pipelines at the top of the page by hovering over a pipeline, and clicking the bookmark icon on the right.
```

<%= image "filtering-pipelines.png", width: 2028/2, height: 880/2, alt: "Screenshot of the filtering text input field" %>

You can add tags to your pipelines and use them to quickly filter pipelines using the search bar. You can manage a pipeline’s tags in the _Pipelines Settings_ section.

If your organization has Teams enabled, you can also filter this page by the teams that you're in. When you have more than one team attached to your Buildkite account, you'll see a dropdown list of teams at the top of the dashboard. This defaults to 'All Teams'. Selecting a specific team will filter the list of pipelines to display only those accessible by the selected team.

## Customizing the page

> Your pipeline's name, description, emoji, and color, as well as its repository and default branch are all editable. After you've clicked on a pipeline, the settings button is in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're able to edit a pipeline's:
* name
* description
* emoji
* color
* repository
* default branch

After you've clicked on a pipeline, the settings button is in the top right corner.
```

<%= image "settings.png", width: 2028/2, height: 880/2, alt: "Screenshot of the pipelines settings button" %>

The display settings can be found in the _Pipeline Settings_ section. Adding a description, emoji, and color for your pipeline is optional, but name, repository, and default branch are all required.

> The emoji and color will replace the icon on the dashboard. Descriptions also have full emoji support 🙌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The emoji and color will replace the icon on the dashboard. Descriptions also have full emoji support. 🙌
```
